If we plant the right seeds, tomorrow will be better...
If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need. - Cicero
Think of watering your plants as a good moment to tune into the natural world—something that every study on earth seems to say is good for us. It might not be quite the same as walking barefoot through your own garden, but dead-heading your plants and taking away yellowed or ripped leaves not only helps the plant focus its nutrients in the right places, it can be therapeutic for you.
I think of it as survival of the fittest. As I plant, I let each plant go wild and see how they each do.
Can you pick up the groceries? I haven't botany
I'm rooting for you
Plant a kiss on me
You grow gurl
Plants always leaf me wanting more
I like big plants and I cannot lie
Plant dreams, pull weeds, and grow a happy life :)
Sometimes, I wet my plants
Wherever life plants you, bloom with grace
Friend: Do you want to go out tonight? Me: I can't make it. I'm busy tonight (staying home with my plants).
Meet my new best bud.
I be-leaf in you
Don't stop beleafing
If you need me, I'll be in the garden
The best things in life are green
Root, root, root for the home green
"Like people, plants respond to extra attention." – H. Peter Loewer
"We plant seeds that will flower as results in our lives, so best to remove the weeds of anger, avarice, envy and doubt, that peace and abundance may manifest for all." – Dorothy Day
"What we shall plant in the soil of contemplation, we shall reap in the harvest of action." – Meister Eckhart
Never be afraid to be called a plant lady
Plant one on me. Or 2 or 3.
The closest I am to being a parent is taking care of all of my plants
"You're only here for a short visit. Don't hurry, don't worry. And be sure to smell the flowers along the way." — Walter Hagen
We grow when things are hard.
Keep planting seeds, you never know what may take rooting
Let's root for each other and watch each other grow :)
Gardening is cheaper than therapy and you get fresh air
Studies have proven that house plants improve concentration and productivity (by up to 15%), reduce stress levels, and boost your mood.
Extensive research by NASA has revealed that houseplants can remove up to 87 per cent of air toxin in 24 hours. Studies have also proven that indoor plants improve concentration and productivity (by up to 15 percent!), reduce stress levels and boost your mood — making them perfect for not just your home but your work space, too.
Place plants, especially those with broad leaves, on your desk or nearby work surface; they will help regulate humidity and increase levels of positivity — seeing greenery and nature help us feel more relaxed and calm, which in turn benefits your every day mood. Indoor plants serve a practical and aesthetic purpose, and will enhance your life.
An indoor garden can be your refuge from the outside world, and for many people it is a source of great joy. Whether you live in a small apartment, or a large house, by introducing certain plants into your home, you will start to notice improvements to your health, and overall happiness.
Creating a plant sanctuary can help with loneliness and depression: caring for a living thing gives us a purpose and is rewarding — especially when you see that living thing bloom and thrive.
We've long known that being around plants is good for us: studies suggest that just looking at green plants reduces anxiety and has a calming effect.
Although watering, trimming, and fussing over finicky houseplants might seem like yet another household chore to avoid, for many plant parents, that's actually part of the appeal.
houseplants are a way to foster a connection with nature, which can have profound effects on our sense of belonging. That's why seeing new growth on your monstera plant, for example, makes you feel inexplicably tickled.
I admit I have an addiction to buying plants, even though I've killed my fair share of succulents
Being near indoor potted plants helps us to de-stress and restock our stores of mental processing power after we’ve depleted them doing knowledge work. We do thoughtful work better when we are around indoor plants. A few work area plants, at home or in the office, can help keep work time on track and pleasant.
Research shows that being among plants, flowers and trees, in particular, can shift our moods from anxious to calm, and depressed to happy. In Japanese culture, shinrin-yoku is the act of immersing yourself in nature, or forest bathing.
By ridding the air of toxins, plants act as purifiers for even the most potent airborne chemicals.
having flowers and plants around you has also been proven to reduce stress levels and make you feel more optimistic. After a stressful day, you can unwind among your greenery knowing that relief is on the way.
Research shows that having greenery on your desk helps improve memory, makes you more productive and increases the quality of your work, too. It’s safe to say that when you’re killing it at your career and feeling good about your performance, this positivity carries over into every other aspect of your life, given that most of us spend the majority of our weeks at work.
Having foliage around you helps foster stronger connections with those you love. A series of studies found that being close to nature actually makes us nicer, less selfish and more caring toward others. Having plants in your home is an easy way to foster happiness, both with your family or housemates  and those whom you invite into your house.
